Uh, um, Dexter's mother assigned me to oversee this project.
Here's the info for the client, Jameson Brown.
Make sure you know everything.
Jamison, Dexter's friend?
Yeah, that's him.
Oh, and there's a mixer tonight.
Just make sure you wear something nice.
Lillian, if I can't have Dexter, neither can you.
I'll give you a way to another man.
Right here.
Great to see you again, Jamison.
Lillian, you look gorgeous, as always.
Listen, Regina and I already talked about the project, so how about we just have some fun tonight?
Consider it a done deal.
Oh, Lillian and I will definitely make sure you have a good time.
Regina, why don't you get Lillian a drink?
You really like her.
Of course I do.
Just Dexter's personal assistant.
I've always wanted to get to know her better.
I'm glad you did that.
Good work.
I'll give you a great day.
Thank you.
Bye.